Add SPADS install docs (#256)
beyond-all-reason/teiserver: documents/guides/spads_install.md

## Purpose of SPADS installation
If you have a local running version of TeiServer, you can point Chobby to localhost and login. However, you won't be able to see any battle rooms. To see battle rooms you will need to install SPADS.

## Create a bot account to be used by SPADS
Run TeiServer locally, login as root@localhost and go to 
http://localhost:4000/teiserver/admin/user

> You should see many users here assuming you have run [Teifioin's fake data script](https://github.com/beyond-all-reason/teiserver/blob/master/documents/guides/local_setup.md#fake-data).

Reviewer: ~Teifioin's~ -> Teifion's

Author: Have fixed typo in latest pr.

All these fake users created by Teifion's fake data script should have a password of `password`
Accept any agreement if needed. This is just to test if everything works. You can now Exit the app.

## Install SPADS Prerequisites
Download dependencies by following the prerequisite instructions [here](https://github.com/Yaribz/SPADS/blob/master/INSTALL.md). In theory if you have TeiServer on Windows WSL, you could use either the Linux or Windows prerequisite instructions.

Another dependency we need that is not listed is Inline::Python. This dependency is used by one of BAR's plugins. [Here is the install documentation.](https://github.com/Yaribz/SPADS/wiki/SPADS-Inline::Python-installation-guide)

## Install SPADS
Further down the previous page are [install instructions](https://github.com/Yaribz/SPADS/blob/master/INSTALL.md#installation-instructions) for SPADS. Follow only steps 1 and 2 of the Installation instructions. When downloading spadsInstaller.tar it might be flagged because the file is hosted on http instead of https.

Now for step 3 instead run this on your SPADS folder:
```
perl spadsInstaller.pl --auto BarMinimalMaps
```

> This will install SPADS with some BAR-specific configurations. It will ask someone questions and most will be answered automatically. Step 8 may take a while as it downloads BAR. Near the end, it will ask you for a username/password for SPADS to use. Use the bot user you created earlier. Remember all users have password of `password`. _(If you need to change the username/password at a later point, you can edit `etc/spads.conf`)_

Reviewer 2: Optionally - if you actually follow the instructions elsewhere correctly this is unnecessary :D
```suggestion
This will install SPADS with some BAR-specific configurations. It will ask some questions and most will be answered automatically. Step 8 may take a while as it downloads BAR. Near the end, it will ask you for a username/password for SPADS to use. Use the bot user you created earlier. Remember all users have password of `password`. _(If you need to change the username/password at a later point, you can edit `etc/spads.conf`)_  If it keeps trying to install BA, double check that you installed `IO::Socket::SSL`.
```
